+++
author = "Dariya Mukhatova"
date = ""
draft = true
hero = "/images/5855f4ec16a291e0565f5a610f28a691.jpeg"
title = "SES215"
type = "blog"

+++
### **SES215-SES216 User-Centered Design(Introduction & Prototyping)**

#### 14.09.2021 Introduction class or "How I meet my profs"

In the first lecture, it is very correct to explain to students what they will face by taking the class, what is required of them and the most important thing is what this class is about and what they are going to be taught throughout the course.

It was not difficult for me to listen to the introductory lecture, and it was enjoyable to listen to the lecturers. The presentation of general class information was quite informative, the slides were visually pleasing and did not hurt the eyes.

The class concept differs from typical classes I used to take in Telecom and L'Ecole Polytechnique. It is also interesting to mention that the students of this class came from different backgrounds and various specialities. As well as the course is original and more sociable kind it is bi-lingual, so more reason to me to practice mon français.

The way the [lecturers](https://synapses.telecom-paris.fr/catalogue/2020-2021/ue/13604/SES215-user-centered-design-user-research) conveyed information made me more motivated and I got a greater interest in this class. They connected information about the concept of designing something with other sciences. Design is abruptly connected with other concepts and probing these concepts can improve the construction of the design as much as possible.

To do this, you need to have creative thinking, knowledge about some historical events, feel the situation, be able to defend your point of view and be able to properly discuss. It is also important to know the correct approach to people since the creation of a design is all directed towards users. Therefore, the centre of the design is the person, and this is the reason for the name of such a course(_"User-centred Design"_).

As much as the information regarding the final product was a little vague, but further discussion of this topic was assumed.

_In general_, the first lecture left only positive emotions and gave an additional impetus to the exploration of the unknown world of design.

#### 21.09.2021 Tooth Fairy

28\.09.2021 читала биологию

05\.10.2021 не ходила

12\.10.2021

19\.10.2021

26\.10.2021

02\.11.2021

09\.11.2021 Последний урок Презентация 

#### 23.11.2021 Introduction class or "How I meet my profs" 2.0

This was the beginning of the second part of this course. The new course SES216 is a continuation of the previous course SES215, but now we will deepen and sharpen the focus on prototypes, how to make them, and what is important during prototyping. At the end of this course, we will have to provide a prototype for our design solution to the problem of local illiteracy. After some administrative designations for new students (it is a very good idea to allow adding students who did not participate in the last course), we started the lecture.

The lecture was quite interesting. I think the beginning of a course should always start with historical facts. After the historical intro, you can get acquainted with the subject of your studies and understand in what state this or that science was and in what state it is now. But there was something different about this lecture that made this lecture different from others.  We were told about people whose names should be mentioned when we talk about interactive design. But what is interactive design and why do we designate one area for design and interactivity?

**Interactive design** is the way the user interacts with the content. The interactive design has a strong impact on perception. This process is carried out thanks to the preliminary analysis of the user's emotions, as well as modern systems.

The highlight of this lecture was that these aforementioned people could predict the future of interactive design and how we see it. One fact that I noticed, which surprised me very much, is that Professors Samuel Huron did not mention Douglas Engelbart, as the only creator of the computer mouse. His contribution to interactive design goes far beyond creating the necessary part for every personal computer.

The lecture was also interesting due to the fact that the necessary resources were shown (photo and image);

How could future technologies have been predicted? What were these people thinking for the first time when they created these technologies? How to predict what will cause need and demand and how to translate this into a project?

Such questions appeared in this lecture and I hope to get answers to them soon.